So here I am with my first blog post officially(have quite a few incomplete ones in the drafts though😂). So yeah achieving something, especially achieving something which you dreamt of, achieving something which has been your goal from the beginning, in other words being successful and satisfied in life takes a lot of hard work, effort, sacrifice, and courage. Not many people have it in them what it takes, but those do they are the one's worth appraisal and ones looked forward to for inspiration. Everybody has some dreams in life which they aim to achieve whatever it takes, but not everybody has that "whatever it takes" and many people give up in the midway. Let me tell you each and every one of us has the power to dream big and have the courage, determination, the hunger to achieve those dreams, all one need is to never give up. Draw an inspiration, if not from others draw it from yourself and think of the times when the conditions were not favourable for you, where you yourself had almost given up but something in you still wanted to go on, somewhere in a little corner deep inside your heart you had the courage to achieve, you had the "thing" to go on. Life is full of hardships, there will be times when life throws you down when you least expect it but don't give up take it as an opportunity to emerge out more stronger than you used to be. Don't let the failures define you, wear your failures as a badge of honor and continue on the same path with utmost determination and the anger to have it done. You might deviate from the path sometimes, but don't let those deviations be permanent, and yes don't be stuck in your past failures, get over them continue to work hard, just put the effort even if you don't feel like doing it anymore, just hang on there and eventually you'll make way for yourself.

So, dream big in life and proceed towards it just keep pushing and pushing don't hang up your boots without walking down the path because someday in the distant future when you'll be what you'll be, you'll think about the road not taken when you had the chance to walk down that road, had you put some more effort that could have made all the difference. That one small effort could have defined your entire life, could have made you the one you wanted to see yourself as, could have proved to be the most game-changing decision you ever took. So, don't give up easily without fighting for it, when the times are harder because anybody can achieve anything in life provided one has the courage to follow and continue on the path whatever obstacles may come in and do remember you have whatever it takes, you have the courage, you are the one and believe in yourself.

Now a story about two mice worth sharing(you might have heard it already but still). One day both the mice fell into a bucket of cream. The first one quickly gave up and drowned but the second one kept trying to get out of the bucket and wouldn't quit. It struggled so harder that eventually it churned the cream into butter and crawled its way through it. So now you decide to yourself which one of these mice you want to be?

So see you guys till the next one. Will be back with the second blog post soon.
